= vimwiki =
== time ==
now 	Current local date and time.
today 	Current local date, with time 00:00:00.
sod 	Local date of the start of the next day, with time 00:00:00. Same as tomorrow.
eod 	Current local date, with time 23:59:59.
yesterday 	Local date for yesterday, with time 00:00:00.
tomorrow 	Local date for tomorrow, with time 00:00:00. Same as sod.
monday, tuesday ... 	Local date for the specified day, after today, with time 00:00:00. Can be shortened, e.g. mon, tue 2.6.0 Can be capitalized, e.g. Monday, Tue
january, february ... 	Local date for the specified month, 1st day, with time 00:00:00. Can be shortened, e.g. jan, feb. 2.6.0 Can be capitalized, e.g. January, Feb.
later, someday 	Local 2038-01-18, with time 00:00:00. A date far away, with semantically meaningful to GTD users.
soy 	Local date for the next year, January 1st, with time 00:00:00.
eoy 	Local date for this year, December 31st, with time 00:00:00.
soq 	Local date for the start of the next quarter (January, April, July, October), 1st, with time 00:00:00.
eoq 	Local date for the end of the current quarter (March, June, September, December), last day of the month, with time 23:59:59.
som 	Local date for the 1st day of the next month, with time 00:00:00.
socm 	Local date for the 1st day of the current month, with time 00:00:00.
eom, eocm 	Local date for the last day of the current month, with time 23:59:59.
sow 	Local date for the next Sunday, with time 00:00:00.
socw 	Local date for the last Sunday, with time 00:00:00.
eow, eocw 	Local date for the end of the week, Saturday night, with time 00:00:00.
soww 	Local date for the start of the work week, next Monday, with time 00:00:00.
eoww 	Local date for the end of the work week, Friday night, with time 23:59:59.
1st, 2nd, ... 	Local date for the next Nth day, with time 00:00:00.
goodfriday 	Local date for the next Good Friday, with time 00:00:00.
easter 	Local date for the next Easter Sunday, with time 00:00:00.
eastermonday 	Local date for the next Easter Monday, with time 00:00:00.
ascension 	Local date for the next Ascension (39 days after Easter Sunday), with time 00:00:00.
pentecost 	Local date for the next Pentecost (40 days after Easter Sunday), with time 00:00:00.
midsommar 	Local date for the Saturday after June 20th, with time 00:00:00. Swedish.
midsommarafton 	Local date for the Friday after June 19th, with time 00:00:00. Swedish. 
